hi my name is Andrew Pern and I'm the
author of the orde winning black pudding
and foie gras I think the black pudding
represents the locals if you like the
regulars that come to star in for a pint
of the foie gras maybe they're slightly
more luxurious element the lords ladies
and even royalty that visit the star in
so now I'm going to demonstrate the
world-famous star in black wooden foie
gras well quite here's the English black
pudding quite a deep flavor which tends
to work very well with the foie gras
just gently fry this off in here a
couple of slices take the foie gras I'm
just going to do a slice through here
about a centimeter or so a nice rich
buttery color a little bit of seasoning
so while the black puddings cooking
progressed the plate this is a scrim
production made with the ample for cider
here which has only chest so very much
like a sweet and sour sort of syrup
basically depending on how many pints or
not we had last night will depend on the
circle of life then here what some apple
and vanilla chutney sweet and sour sort
of effect with the scrumpy and then the
chutney working against each other from
our garden outside little garden time
that's what we do in our spare time up
north the flower arranging
between watercress which you use for the
little salad to place in the center of
the plate
it's a lovely peppery flavor full of
vitamins a little bit of house dressing
on to it sit them in the middle that's
grown by Eric and mu Smith down at
Willard Dean which is near Pickering
let's flip the black pudding over dog
snout apples out in our kitchen garden
let's go to a three of these can't get
much fresher than that I think why I can
go in and while that's cooking and do a
slice of apple sort of sprinkle it's a
bit of caster sugar blowtorch
I'll be ready
creating a sandwich basically it's nicer
Apple under here you know where we go
and sit him on two on two there there
you go
so good somebody wrote a book about it
the reason I wrote the book really was
to portray the people the place the
passion of the whole region and the
produce which surrounds us and having
such a brilliant pantry of food on our
doorstep is exactly what I've tried to
put into the book I hope you enjoy the
book if you liked it that much you can
always come down searzall in our little
part of Pern shire found a star in harem
you